update use-importer.md: add notes on csv delimiter (#2285)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-importer/use-importer.md

|:---|:---|:---|:---|
|`sources.path`</br>`sources.s3`</br>`sources.oss`</br>`sources.ftp`</br>`sources.sftp`</br>`sources.hdfs`   |-| No | Specify data source information, such as local file, HDFS, and S3. Only one source can be configured for the `source`. Configure multiple sources in multiple `source`.</br>See the comments in the example for configuration items for different data sources.       |  
|`sources.batch`   |`256`| No | The batch size for executing statements when importing this data source. The priority is higher than `manager.batch`. |  

> |`sources.csv.delimiter`   |`,`| No |  Specifies the delimiter for the CSV file. Only 1-character string separators are supported. When using special characters as separators, they need to be represented using escape sequences and enclosed in double quotes for proper escaping. For example, the tab character `\t` should be written as `"\t"` instead of `'\t'`, and `0x03` in hexadecimal, i.e. `Ctrl+C`, should be written as `"\x03"` or `"\u0003"`. For details on escaping special characters in yaml format, see [Escaped Characters](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2/#escaped-characters).|         |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`sources.csv.delimiter`   |`,`| No |  Specifies the delimiter for the CSV file. Only 1-character string separators are supported. Special characters like tabs (`\t`) and hexadecimal values (e.g., `0x03` or `Ctrl+C`) must be properly escaped and enclosed in double quotes, such as `"\t"` for tabs and `"\x03"` or `"\u0003"` for hexadecimal values, instead of using single quotes. For details on escaping special characters in yaml format, see [Escaped Characters](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2/#escaped-characters).|         |  
```
